DataGrid: Add Grouping Column Identifier Info (#8791)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/dxDataGrid/1 Configuration/columns/name.md

---
id: dxDataGrid.Options.columns.name
type: String | undefined
default: undefined
---
---
##### shortDescription

> Specifies the column's unique identifier. If not defined, this value is inherited from the column's [dataField](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/dataField.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#dataField') property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the column's unique identifier. If undefined, this value is inherited from the column's [dataField](/api-reference/_hidden/GridBaseColumn/dataField.md '{basewidgetpath}/Configuration/columns/#dataField') property.
```
